You are not good
I will personally send you out of this world in a while.
The Flying General is the King Jin Chen
Have the right to cut first and then play
What is this?
Fly to the adults and make friends with the Lord God
If you let him know you're an impostor
You could be very miserable
Zhou Xiao
I can't help you this time with the style.
Then I'll quit now
Oops just kidding
It's all there.
How do I return it?
Zhou Xiao, if you quit
I can help you with the organ
After all, we dragged you into this muddy water
Stop talking, I'm a man
I won't run away
Left you two here
This guy?
The breath just now was really like Lord God
How great would it be if he was really Lord God
Zhou Xiao, I will definitely protect you with the style
No, what the hell are you whispering about?
What does it matter to you what we say?
Don't think they can protect you
After flying towards them in a while
The first one won't let you go.
presumptuous
The relationship between Lord Flying Elephant and Lord God will be better in the future
You mean questioning
The relationship between the two adults?
The Lord God is dead
He is a mutton kebabs seller.
That's enough!
Zhou Xiao, right?
The gods are full of sin
At first
Since you don't want to assist
Then I have to do it myself
Catch it and bring it back to Shangjing
After listening to the king's decision
What about the flying general?
This is the Flying General